away from the techno day courses and products
for youtube vers
this video is an offer of michal
media and new age games
games in digital media link in description
and then look that Léo welcome to tech
news and a company called what uefa
released an xbox that was extended to gold this
company is famous for doing this kind of
thing she picks up smartphones too
anything technological and video games
turns into something luxury now is the turn
of xbox the year will have its egg version is
24 carat gold and only 50 pieces were
and everything is done
manually very carefully they
dismantle each part and do everything with
a lot of headaches'll be like
then they put everything together again and test everything
on the video game to see if it's
working and also give a guarantee
for the owner of this xbox the golden year
I threw it cost me about three thousand
and six hundred reais or $ 1,200 if
You can buy the link from the
website is in the description and does not do much
time and rockstar has confirmed their movie
and it has now been confirmed that
harry potter's protagonist will do the
rockstar kingpin in che film and this
film promises to tell a little of the
rockstar story and also gta
show how you get many enemies by
game violence cause
many people were against and still against
What then in this movie is going to be
counted and pro film to gain more fame
still the but the team
the guys got a very famous actor
So let's see how this team is going to be.
I think it will be really cool because it was
tech news I stand by here
a big hug and until the next technician
to the motions of tec shop
2 courses
youtube ers for the price of a click on the
registration link to take advantage of
promotion